hello welcome tank games this is next
episode in a csgo quick tip series today
we'll be talking about how to set up
your rates correctly there seems to be a
lot of confusion about race and what the
right settings are a lot of people who
don't play competitively will probably
not have heard anything about rates and
that's no surprise as they really are
mentioned in any of the help
notifications rates are basically
settings that determine how well your
net code or connection is to the server
there are five different settings that
all need to be entered correctly having
incorrect rates will result in lower hit
registration and scenarios where players
to sponge your bullets so the five
settings you should always have and need
to enter into console are the following
rate 128,000 sale underscore update rate
128 Co underscore at CMB rate 128 c l--
underscore inter and the score ratio 1
CL underscore interfere Oh once you've
entered these you'll be all set up on
your end
now I need to briefly explain what
server tick rate is and how it can
affect your game so every server will
have a tick rate the higher tick rate
the bear in csgo the server's tick rate
will vary from over 64 100 to and 128
when you have a higher amount of ticks
it means your world is updated with
server information a lot faster
resulting in the best possible gameplay
you want to make sure your update rate
and CMV rate match the server tick rate
at all times if you use an update rate
is lower than the server tick rate then
you ignore crucial information and you
force your game to predict what's
happening this can result in poor hit
registration and a bad gameplay
experience thankfully the settings I've
provided will Auto adapt to the tick
rate of any server so say for example
you are playing on a valve matchmaking
server with a 64 tick rate your update
rate in CMD rate will adjust to 64
automatically so that's pretty much it
use these rates and you should
experience a lot finer gameplay just
make sure you are playing on 128 ticks
server and there should be no problem
loads thanks for watching guys if you
found this video in any way helpful then
please drop me a thumbs up and consider
subscribing for more also if you know
any friends
I find it helpful to then by all means
share of them and get them hooked up
with the correct rates to more videos
you might be interested in watching on
the top we have the previous episode of
quick tips on binding grenades and on
the bottom we have episode 5 at the top
five plays again thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time
[Music]